README.md, before:

# SNTC Server System Administator Test

This repository has been made specifically for selection of volunteers who can be administrators to the SNTC server now and in the future.

## About the problemset

1. The assignment will consist of a set of problems which needs to be solved.
2. Some problems will have a direct correct solution, however, others will have open-ended solutions and there may be multiple solutions to a problem.
3. Most of the problems will require extensive web search skills. We do not expect you to have any initial knowledge of any of the topic since you will be given sufficient time to learn and do the assignment. DuckDuckGo / Google is your friend here. :)

## Judgement Protocol

The criteria for judging this assignment is as follows:

1. As said before, some problems may have direct solutions. For these problems, you will be judged on how close you are to the original solution and what approach you took.
2. For problems which have multiple or subjective solutions, you will be judged on how efficient and how elegant the solution was.
3. It is not compulsory to solve all the problems, but it would be great if you attempt all.
4. If someone solves multiple problems but the solutions are not optimized, and if someone else solves lesser problems but does it amazingly, the latter will be given more marks. Quality of solution is our utmost priority. So it is recommended to try to do whatever you do with great dexterity. You need to strike a balance between how good a solution should be and how much time should be given to a problem. If you give too much time on one problem, you will miss out the others, so plan accordingly.
5. Everything you do should be **well-documented**. Any great solution is a waste if nobody can understand it. You are expected to write an exhaustive report for whatever questions you attempt and your solution will be judged via your report.
6. ***MOST IMPORTANTLY*** you must understand that the aim of the assignment is not to test your current skillset, but the knack for knowledge you have. Even if you solve a problem 10%, 5%, it matters. So even if you are unable to do complete a problem, try to document whatever progress you have made so we can help you out to make you better. **NeverSettle**.

## Deliverables

Every problem may have a different set of deliverables. You will find the deliverables for each problem with the problem statement itself. In general, you need to submit all your deliverables in on a repository on Github / Gitlab. Please note that in case you make your repository public, you will be responsible if someone plagiarises your solution.

## Deadlines

The **STRICT DEADLINE** for the assignment is ***10th February, 2018 00:00 hrs***. Any commit in the git repository with a later date will not be considered.

Also, you need to share with us the link to your git repository when asked.

## Problems

Please find the problems in the [`Problemset`](https://github.com/KamandPrompt/sysadmin-test/tree/master/Problemset) directory in this repository.

## Weightage of problems

***TOTAL WEIGHTAGE: 535 points***

You can find the individual weightage for each problem in the problem statement itself.

## Issues with the Problems

If you have any issues with any problem, please open an issue in this repository.

Commit message:

README.md: Add Github student pack details

README.md, after:

# SNTC Server System Administator Test

This repository has been made specifically for selection of volunteers who can be administrators to the SNTC server now and in the future.

## About the problemset

1. The assignment will consist of a set of problems which needs to be solved.
2. Some problems will have a direct correct solution, however, others will have open-ended solutions and there may be multiple solutions to a problem.
3. Most of the problems will require extensive web search skills. We do not expect you to have any initial knowledge of any of the topic since you will be given sufficient time to learn and do the assignment. DuckDuckGo / Google is your friend here. :)

## Judgement Protocol

The criteria for judging this assignment is as follows:

1. As said before, some problems may have direct solutions. For these problems, you will be judged on how close you are to the original solution and what approach you took.
2. For problems which have multiple or subjective solutions, you will be judged on how efficient and how elegant the solution was.
3. It is not compulsory to solve all the problems, but it would be great if you attempt all.
4. If someone solves multiple problems but the solutions are not optimized, and if someone else solves lesser problems but does it amazingly, the latter will be given more marks. Quality of solution is our utmost priority. So it is recommended to try to do whatever you do with great dexterity. You need to strike a balance between how good a solution should be and how much time should be given to a problem. If you give too much time on one problem, you will miss out the others, so plan accordingly.
5. Everything you do should be **well-documented**. Any great solution is a waste if nobody can understand it. You are expected to write an exhaustive report for whatever questions you attempt and your solution will be judged via your report.
6. ***MOST IMPORTANTLY*** you must understand that the aim of the assignment is not to test your current skillset, but the knack for knowledge you have. Even if you solve a problem 10%, 5%, it matters. So even if you are unable to do complete a problem, try to document whatever progress you have made so we can help you out to make you better. **NeverSettle**.

## Deliverables

Every problem may have a different set of deliverables. You will find the deliverables for each problem with the problem statement itself. In general, you need to submit all your deliverables in on a repository on Github / Gitlab. Please note that in case you make your repository public, you will be responsible if someone plagiarises your solution.

## Deadlines

The **STRICT DEADLINE** for the assignment is ***10th February, 2018 00:00 hrs***. Any commit in the git repository with a later date will not be considered.

Also, you need to share with us the link to your git repository when asked.

## Problems

Please find the problems in the [`Problemset`](https://github.com/KamandPrompt/sysadmin-test/tree/master/Problemset) directory in this repository.

## Weightage of problems

***TOTAL WEIGHTAGE: 535 points***

You can find the individual weightage for each problem in the problem statement itself.

## Resources

Since you are students, you are eligible for Github student pack with which you get $50 in DigitalOcean credits and $50-$115 in AWS credits. You also get a lot of other things. Please check it out, it may be useful to you.

**Link: <https://education.github.com/pack>**

## Issues with the Problems

If you have any issues with any problem, please open an issue in this repository.
